you some drunk live comms man did more
about that shit yeah I haven't gotten
drunk and so long though destroy the
objective alright i'm recording though
yeah i am i'm trying this specialist
loadout we're like one of my second
unlocks is like hooking right on that's
kind of guy well fuck your c4 I was like
I've definitely taking this shit yeah I
need fucking satellites the fancy on him
it's just being you now it is now so if
she throws up fucking stunning and
blowing up a fucking kill someone up top
nice get ready for the next try this mp5
lately telling you one one hell of a gun
god I walk the Magnum man search and
destroy that mp7 is there carnitine
destroy the objectives
bom acquired there was one down and the
satellites outside oh no I don't got
bomb this time he tried to kill himself
at the barrel he is behind the satellite
what a fuck Bobby hey man up top it's my
shit kid was trying to kill himself with
a barrel and I threw a stunning there
and got an assisted suicide all this
kids dhanak oh shit are we going to
using these quick spelling with stalker
ready up yo this kid's gonna go down by
satellites again down by me man he goes
that he went there last round he went
through this round search and destroy
destroy the objective we got the mom
fucking log back
there's you on sidewalk yeah fuck you
stalker no yeah I didn't see a dog
trying to blow my seat hora excellent
very good fuck what the fuck what the
hell is our team do and they're all just
getting picked off one my fucking warned
up here I got stalker eyes furnishing
forum whatever won one round on offense
so fucking matters look at this fucking
dick what are you going to what kind of
scores did you post on those fucking we
have time nothing special Mike live on
one wasn't you they were all fear
back-to-back games searching just oh
there they didn't break my nose for two
games in a row defend the objective
all right we have melon indeed are we go
one day i'm gettin glass Christ I got
fucking sweet to be out well that was a
little bit different in Las fund
when I shot with the irony he almost had
you there mm-hmm Search and Destroy
defend the objectives
not care baggage on the way
oh okay so I your care package might be
so bad I don't even see anybody UAV
online Ryan Hall oh wow I just ran by a
guy not playing and fucking retarded
whatever man beautiful dick get ready to
the next round I don't know what our
fucking snipers doing over there he's
like looking right at the guy seriously
what the fuck why'd you have to pull out
take the shot you fucking douche run
quick scope a man quick skill brah it
was brave destroy fuck defend the
objective
motion sensor friendly predator missile
inbound oh he's in the middle office
who's got me high office to pieces
smokers covers remember mine discovery I
hit him with some bullets Wow and I
think surprising him oh that's a nice
place well done I didn't expect again
tomorrow deej mark uses air strikes
you